it is on my 78 Chevy El Camino the
four-speed not wonderful stuff key on
this thing got stuck now it's working
okay so but I'm going to change it out
obviously it's working okay now I'm
going to change it out the way you
change is it's like you put this
cylinder in here you pull it out with a
dent puller I haven't done this in a
long time and it sounds kind of crazy to
pull it out with a dent puller
hold on I'll show you show you in a
second so actually well it's a slight
hammer you know you got a hammer would
screw this into the lock itself and just
breaks off the lock doesn't break off
inside the housing and use this slight
hammer you know it's pretty lightweight
one but it'll work so you can actually
had weights to this crap and stuff but
they were doing this since the seventies
even at the General Motors dealers and
the Chevrolet dealers they don't like
people knowing this but it's pretty
common knowledge I knew it since the 70s
I haven't done this in a while but
that's how I'm going to take this lock
out and because the thing might be
okayed I jammed on me a few years ago
I'll set up with the key and I couldn't
get it going for nothing officer now
with the lubricant in there for a while
it's working again but I got a new
cylinder was only like 16 bucks off of
ebay you know a couple new keys so we're
going to go ahead and change this
okay the slide hammer is pulled in there
so basically it should give it a good
whack if this is going to work I
probably up the toy in the camera off
and do it well pull that something well
I'll tell you the truth this wasn't so
easy to do you see the lock is out and
have it screwed into a slide hammer and
difficult part was I didn't have the
correct size screw to get in there has
to be exactly the width
key and you could see in here basically
what it is it just slides in here the
new one pops in and locks in place and
you'll be able to turn it started up so
that's how you do it and they're doing
these in Chevy and GM dealers actually
when he first came out with these
locking ignitions and a joke was you
know it's easier to freakin steal the
car but actually you know this is my car
so and you need a special tool to take
this crap out and this is actually
easier way but I didn't have the right
size thing to fit in here screw to fit
in here has to fit in here exactly
these ones I was using is a little bit
too big and if you try to drill them
this stuff is tool seals tool steel but
finally got him in there you know I was
using this hammer now my wonderful old
steel mini sledge hammer the hammer two
screws in finally got him a turn did
some drill bit and now two stupid things
out and I can install the lock so now
two locks in there
oops take it out of gear yeah move the
shifter got you some choke on it
that's it it runs good this motors been
in here since the late 80s I had this
car since 1991 it's been in California
twice been up and down the coast dozens
at times it's been out to Utah Texas and
it's been used bottom down ground right
to the you know truck class three
trailer hitch around right to the ground
so nothing wrong with old American cars
you know I don't know the old ones are
good